README.md, before:

# Pre-coded bot
a discord.js starting base.

# What's changed since the last version:
- Added command handler, with help from Stringy(<https://github.com/etstringy/>)

# preperation
PLEASE RUN `npm install` OR `yarn` to install all packages.

# readme.txt
PRE-CODED BOT

Constructed by WildcatNT

1: Using special colors

To use a special color, make sure that color IS in colors.json. 
To use that in am embed, use .setColor(colors.colorname) in the 
emded field where colorname is the color's name from colors.json.

2: running the bot 

Running the bot is as simple as placing your token in config.json
and using node.js! with the command prompt, type in "npm install" 
(or yarn), strike ENTER/RETURN, then type "node bot.js" and hit enter 
to see the bot come to life!

3: adding/removing commands

Adding commands is simple, just put if(cmd === \`${prefix}commandname\`){}
in bot.js, where commandname is the name of the command. be sure to edit
the help command properly when you add your command! categories are also
permitted if your command is in a different category.

4: testing the bot

once the bot is online, I highly suggest running the ping command to see if
the bot is online and working. if not, check your token, ensure the ping cmd
is there, and rerun your test. otherwise DM me on Discord (WildWhistlerNT#2005) with
an invite to your testing server. 

5: Triggers

adding triggers is as easy as adding commands. use if((message.content).includes("Trigger")){}
instead of if(cmd === \`${prefix}commandname\`){}, where Trigger is the trigger word. there is already
a trigger on the bot (if((message.content).includes("<:MSBear:666128276061945909>"))). do NOT remove
that one, as that allows me to test the bot if it isn't working.

DO NOT EDIT, MOVE, OR DELETE PACKAGE.JSON, YARN.LOCK OR PACKAGE-LOCK.JSON. THAT IS FOR NPM/YARN TO SEE WHAT YOU NEED.

# My other stuff (I guess):
Python "branch" of this: https://github.com/wildcatnt/pre-coded-bot-py/

Commit message:

G-Max overhaul (readme.md)
Reconstructed the entire readme file so it's more friendly with md.

README.md, after:

# Pre-coded bot
a discord.js starting base.

# What's changed since the last version:
- Added command handler, with help from [Stringy](https://github.com/etstringy/)
- Removed node-fetch, womp womp.
- Made readme more... markdown friendly.

# preperation
PLEASE RUN `npm install` OR `yarn` to install all packages.

### PRE-CODED BOT

*Constructed by WildcatNT*

**1: Using special colors**

To use a special color, just grab it's [hex number](https://www.color-hex.com/)! To use that in am embed, use `.setColor(#000000)` in the emded field where `#000000` is the hex number of your color.

**2: running the bot**

Running the bot is as simple as placing your token in config.json and using node.js! with the command prompt, type in `npm install`  (or `yarn`), strike ENTER/RETURN, then type `node bot.js` and hit enter to see the bot come to life!

**3: adding/removing commands**

Adding commands is simple, just create a js file with the name `commandname.js`, where `commandname` is the name of the command. the help command will properly edit if your command is in a category defined in `help.js`. creating a category is simple, too! just copy and paste this code and replace the word `example` with the category's name (and emoji if there is a compatible emoji that fits with your category, wether it be custom or not). strike enter before this though!
```javascript
      .addField(":question: example", client.commands.filter(map2=> map2.help.category === "util").map(cmd => `\`${cmd.help.name}\``).join(" "))
```

**4: testing the bot**

once the bot is online, I highly suggest running the ping command (**`{prefix}ping`**) to see if the bot is online and working. if not, check your token, ensure the ping cmd is there, and rerun your test. otherwise DM me on Discord (**__WildcatNT♡#6969__**) with an invite to your testing server. 

**5: Triggers**

adding triggers is as easy as adding commands. use `if((message.content.toLowercase).includes("trigger")){}` OR `if((message.content).includes("trigger")` in message.js instead of creating a command, where `trigger` is the trigger word. there is already a trigger on the bot (`if((message.content).includes("<:MSBear:666128276061945909>"))`). do NOT remove that one, as that allows me to test the bot if it isn't working.

DO NOT EDIT, MOVE, OR DELETE PACKAGE.JSON, YARN.LOCK OR PACKAGE-LOCK.JSON. THAT IS FOR NPM/YARN TO SEE WHAT YOU NEED.

# My other stuff (I guess):
**[Python "branch" of this](https://github.com/wildcatnt/pre-coded-bot-py/)**
